Hurry up.
You need to get ready.
Okay, okay, I'm getting up.
That's the third time you've said that.
You're way too excited.
Of course I am.
This is our very first trip together.
You're acting like it's a school trip.
How long ago was that?
Seriously,
you have no idea how much
I've been looking forward to this.
I know.
I've been looking forward to it too.
Is that so?
(Special Episode: What if...
where would we be now?)
Wow, that's a lot.
Don't you love them?
It is a lot, though.
The tea is ready. I'll leave it here.
Okay.
Thanks.
How long has it been
since we last went on a trip?
I heard you traveled a lot in college.
Ah, did Futami tell you that?
Something like that.
He didn't say anything weird, did he?
Do you have something to hide?
No way, of course not.
On the surface, it's a
casual trip with friends,
but you were actually hitting on people?
What?!
You seem really
experienced in a lot of ways.
Like making all these arrangements.
No, I'm not that experienced...
You clearly are.
Whether it's hitting on
people or sleeping with guys.
You even said before that
sleeping with guys is easier.
No, I was just talking nonsense back then.
In reality, I didn't...
But that wasn't a lie, was it?
Back then...
I wanted to forget about you.
I did go through a self-destructive phase.
What?
I decided to give up
on you after high school,
but in the end, I just couldn't forget you.
If things were like that,
you should've just contacted me.
I just wanted to move on in my own way.
Making decisions all on your
own is a bad habit of yours.
But,
since I was the reason
you were self-destructive,
I'll forgive you.
What if...
we had stayed in touch after high school?
Where would we be right now?
Who knows?
What about you, Zen?
After you started college,
did you ever think about contacting me?
Well,
maybe I was waiting.
Waiting for you to reach out.
Wait, seriously?
But back then,
you didn't seem interested in me at all.
You're getting ruder by the second.
Have you even been listening to me?
Don't jump to conclusions
about my feelings.
You always jump to your own conclusions.
Huh...
Then why are you only telling me this now?
Because you only asked me today.
If we had gotten in touch sooner,
would we have ended up like this sooner?
Ah...
I wish I could go back in time.
Then we'll just have to
make up for lost time.
After all, we have plenty of time
to spend together from now on.
True.
This feels so good.
Hot springs are the best.
- Cheers.
Ah, that's good.
Yeah, this is delicious.
Delicious.
It's incredibly delicious this way.
Oh?
You really know your stuff.
- Is it good?
- Yeah.
Ah, it's so good.
"Things I want to do with Zen" list.
We finally checked off the first one.
What is that?
How many things are on there?
Huh?
A lot.
Watching movies,
night drives, camping,
fishing, and traveling abroad.
I forgot.
Our interests don't match at all.
Because you're an indoor person.
Looks like I need to build up my stamina.
After all, I've never
beaten you in any sports.
Just to beat me?
So I can keep up with you.
Hey,
watch how fast you're drinking.
It'll be a problem if
you fall asleep first.
You weren't planning on
letting me sleep anyway, right?
You know me well.
You're just too easy to read.
In that case,
guess what I want to do right now.
Well...
Here.
It's a bit early, but happy birthday.
Thank you.
Hm?
Were you expecting something else just now?
No, I wasn't.
Can I open it now?
Go ahead.
I thought an accessory would be nice,
but is it too ordinary?
Knowing you,
I actually thought you
might have gotten a ring.
Then I'll go get my gift too.
Well, though I think you probably
already know what's inside.
So a ring would've been okay...
Here.
Well, thank you again.
But for this gift,
I was really put through
the wringer by someone.
I said I was sorry.
Hey, can I open it now?
No, open it later.
Hm?
If we don't hurry, I'm
really going to fall asleep.
What's this?
You're being quite bold today.
Don't think you're the only
one who's been holding back.
Ryo.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Who is it?
At this hour on a Saturday.
It's Futami.
Can we just ignore him?
Let it go.
It's been ringing
constantly since last night.
Well, we did part on bad terms...
Ryo is my boyfriend.
You should probably answer it.
I don't want to keep being interrupted.
True.
Ah, he answered! Wait...
Hello?
I didn't hear anything
about you two dating.
Sorry, sorry.
Yeah.
Let me get my revenge.
I knew you'd say that.
So, what are the rules?
The first one to give in loses.
Still the same silly game as always.
Yeah.
Being with you,
I feel like I'm getting dumber too.
It's a bit late to realize that now.
Then I guess I'll just have to accept it.
You wearing a yukata is totally unfair.
You too.
Wow, I feel alive again.
I won that game just now.
Okay, okay, I get it.
So?
What does the winner want me to do?
Should we move in together?
What?
The winner's word is absolute, right?
Huh?
Wait...
Hold on... Do you mean
we're moving in together?
Yeah.
We can stay at one of our places for now.
Ah... wait, wait.
Uh... well,
why so sudden?
It's not sudden at all.
I've been thinking about it for a while.
I don't like growing apart just
because we can't see each other.
And I want to spend more time with you.
Zen.
Are you serious about this?
How could I joke about something like this?
What about you? Do you want to or not?
Of course I do. That goes without saying.
Oh my god, seriously?
This is the best surprise gift ever.
You're exaggerating.
I'm holding you to what you just said.
You can't back out now.
That would be cheating.
Don't go making up new rules.
You'd better be prepared.
My love is pretty heavy, you know.
Maybe for now.
Still,
I'll catch up to you in no time anyway.
I'll contact them first then.
Thank you.
Then I'll leave the scheduling to you.
Will do!
- Onishi, print this for me.
- Sure.
I've put together the client's info.
Let's divide and conquer.
Okay.
Oh, Minamide-san.
Please help out Konishi and Higashino.
Sure thing.
It's too flashy.
Yeah, it's so cute.
It's weird, right?
This is definitely cute.
But you're cute too.
Mmm, this is delicious.
Well, everyone,
Congratulations again. Thank
you for your hard work lately.
Cheers!
Ah.
That was a total whirlwind.
Man, I thought I was
going to die of exhaustion.
Seriously. The last two
weeks are a complete blur.
It's rare to have a project that
requires the entire sales department.
I'm just glad it all worked out.
As for me,
my sister just had to get
married right in the middle of this.
That must have been rough.
Even when we were so busy,
I kept getting dragged into
helping with this and that.
But still,
seeing the actual
wedding was really moving.
What about you, Yotsuya-san?
Huh?
Oh.
Your girlfriend.
Any plans on getting married?
Yeah!
You too, Shito-san! Aren't you
guys already moving in together?
Well...
I am thinking about it.
Ooh!
What about you, Shito-san?
- True...
- But marriage is a huge step.
It's not something you decide overnight.
There's still a lot of prep work to do.
Of course I'm considering it.
Ooh!
From the moment we started dating,
I was already prepared to marry.
What's with that look on your face?
Hmph.
Now you've got me curious.
What exactly do you love about each other?
Give us all the details.
Well...
There are many things,
but I guess it's everything.
It's about time you showed us a photo.
Shito-san, come on, show her off a bit.
- How could you say something like that?
- Oh, come on!
No way.
What is up with that
complicated look on your face?
- Are you jealous?
- Why would I be jealous?
I'm totally jealous.
Introduce me to someone too!
Isn't there anyone good?
See?
You always say that.
You've got it wrong.
But...
Shima-san, is that how it is?
You were just gushing about your
girlfriend with a huge smile on your face.
Okay, okay, I'm sorry.
I got a little carried away.
And then?
All this talk about marriage...
I don't recall ever getting
a proposal from you.
Well, that's...
But I really am thinking
about it seriously.
Hmm...
Zen always includes me in his future plans
and talks to me about it so sincerely.
Did I?
Yeah.
When you said you were prepared
from the moment we started dating,
that was incredibly cool.
I really love that about you.
But if I could be a little greedy,
I'd actually love to hear what
exactly you love about me.
That kind of stuff is meant to be said
in private, when it's just the two of us.
Well, our sales
performance tied this quarter.
Huh?
Nothing.
I was going to make you
list ten things you love about me.
Looks like I'll have to
redeem myself next year.
Good luck with that.
I will.
It would bother me if you said
you didn't have a rival anymore.
Are you still holding a grudge over that?
Because I want to keep
being your rival forever.
You don't need to worry about that at all.
Because we've long since
become more than just rivals.
How you never compromise on your work.
Huh?
What?
Since it's a tie, let's cut
it in half and name five.
Things I love about you.
You have to say them too.
How surprisingly easy
it is to make you jealous.
What?
How you're not cute at
all when you're jealous.
How you get serious
over the smallest things.
How you hate to lose.
You're the exact same way.
Next.
How when I'm with you,
I feel like everything will be fine
no matter what happens.
And how you love me way too much.
Okay, I'm out of ideas. We're done.
That was only four.
- I really can't think of any more.
- No way.
There must be at least one more.
- My mind is blank.
- You jerk.
- Busted.
- Shut up.
I never thought that
after we became a couple,
we'd actually be telling each other
what we love about one another like this.
Especially since we had the worst start.
I said I was sorry.
But no matter what our relationship was,
ever since high school,
being with you has
always been the most fun.
As for me,
I love who I am when I'm with you the most.
Alright, then that's the fifth one.
Hey.
That was so sudden!
We're outside, you idiot.
You make me act like an idiot.
For me,
ever since I started dating you,
everything that's happened
has been like a beautiful dream.
In that case,
we should keep turning
these dreams into reality.
Are you cold?
I'm fine.
Because you're so warm.
What is it?
I love you.
What's with that look on your face?
You really do love me.
Just saying that isn't enough.
I love you.
From now on,
for the rest of our lives.
That's pretty heavy.
But you'll accept all of it, right?
Of course I will.
Ready, set...
Huh?
What is that in your hand...?
What about you? What's that in your hand?
What else could it be...?
Obviously, it's for a proposal...
Something like an engagement ring...
Why did we prepare the exact same thing
at the exact same time?
No, I've had this ready for a long time.
No, me too.
Then why now of all times?
Today isn't even a special day.
That's exactly why.
That's what makes it a surprise.
That wasn't cool at all.
But still,
this is so like us.
Zen.
Give me your hand.
From now on... let's spend
the rest of our lives together,
and keep competing in these silly matches.
What a bizarre proposal.
But it feels right for us. It feels real.
Zen, didn't you tell me before
that you would make me happy?
But I want us to be happy together.
That kind of thing...
Aren't we already
incredibly happy right now?
To be worthy of being my partner,
you'd better work hard.
You too.
This quarter is my victory.
What's wrong?
Making a sour face
like that isn't like you.
I was just thinking
you're as clueless as ever.
Huh?
This is supposed to be a happy occasion.
I bet you're going to say we should settle
this with our sales performance again anyway.
Somehow,
this scene has become so familiar.
Yeah, but somehow,
more than before...
What is up with those two?
Are they fighting again?
Yeah.
Even after they get married,
they'll probably still be just like that.
Who knows?
You two, come help set up for the meeting.
Sure.
The remaining five...
I'm going to make you
spill them all tonight.
Sure. After all, the winner's word is law.
"Fake Fact Lips"